So in the last lecture, we created our Angular application and now we want to edit it.
As I mentioned, for this we want to use an IDE or some advanced text editor because that simply makes
working with our code much easier.
In this course, I will use a Visual Studio Code and that code part is important, not Visual Studio,
Visual Studio Code.
It's a free IDE,
totally free,
it's pretty powerful, it's
highly extensible,
it's awesome and it's available for Mac but also for Windows, Linux, you can pick your installer version here if
it doesn't auto-select the right one automatically. Simply download it then and walk through the installer
it gives you,
there should be nothing special about that and
once you've got it installed, open it. If you open it, it should look something like this,
you'll probably see that
welcome page
and there you can click open folder to open that Angular project we created with the CLI
a few seconds ago. If you don't see that page, then you can always open it through File, Open.
Now, let's click open folder and navigate to the folder.
Here I've selected that MEAN course project and I can click open now and this loads it into the IDE so that
we can work on it there.
Now, the IDE might look a bit different for you, maybe it doesnt have this dark theme,
it probably has different icons and that is simply something I fine-tuned for myself, so
I like this way of looking and working and I will show you how to get there. If you're using a different
IDE, you of course have
to fine-tune it on your own. For Visual Studio Code,
I want to install a certain extension first of all, two extensions to be precise and for that, go to View
-> Extensions,
you might also see a bar on the left where you can click on the extensions icon and
on this page, make sure to install Angular Essentials.
Now here I already got that installed,
you can search for Angular here and you should quickly find the Angular Essentials package, search for
Angular Essentials otherwise and
that's a pretty amazing collection of different extensions that enhance the IDE to work
better with Angular.
So simply install this with the install button and feel free to skip or read through the documentation
here to find out what's included and how it works.
Besides that, I use one other extension which is purely optical,
it's the Material Icon Theme here, so
by searching for material, you should find it. Also install this if you like the way my icons look
in this course, it's purely visual,
it gives you nicer file icons and I quite like these.
So with that, you can go back to View Explorer once you're done and you should see something like this.
Well I also use a dark theme and you can get that same look by going to
code thing here, preferences and there, color theme and here,
I'm using Dark+, by default, you probably are using Light+ or Light.
Now you can try out these different themes here by simply clicking on them, you can always switch and
choose the style you like.
Now with that, you get the same setup as I do,
now let's get started working on our Angular app.
This is the folder the Angular CLI created for us, time to edit it.